1) First user will be sent to the Email page
2) If the user enters his emailid which has an account associated to it, he will be sent to the password page.
   If the user enters his emailid which has no account associated to it, he will be displayed "No account" notification.
   If the user wants to create an account, he can click "No account" button, then he will be sent to signup page.

   a) The user enters his details following all the restrictions and clicks submit. Then, he will be sent to the email confirmation page.
   b) In the email confirmation page, he should enter a code (which is valid only for 10 mins) sent to his emailid. Once the email is 
      confirmed, he will be sent to encryption settings page.
   c) In the encryption settings page, he will be given options to choose for the file encryption. He can manage his encryption key 
      himself or else he can ask us to manage the encryption key. If he chooses the latter option, he will be sent an email containing 
      his encryption key.
   d) Once his account is succesfully created, a GCP Bucket will be created for him with a unique name. Whatever files he upload will
      be stored in that bucket.
      Also, a Rewrite rule will be added to .htaccess file. 
3) If the user reloads the password page, he will be sent back to email page
   If the user enters his correct password, he will sent to '/drive' page.

4) In the '/drive' page user will see all the folders and files he created.

5) Once he clicks on a file, he will be sent to a new tab with the link associated to that file.
   Important: Since these files are stored in GCP Buckets with Public Access, '.htaccess' file is used to mask the original link.

6) If the user manages his encryption key himself, he will show a prompt to enter his encryption key to view his file. If the 
   encryption key entered is incorrect, he can view the document but the exact data will not be visible.


File system:

file = 
{
   'index.php' : 'Email entry',
   'password1.php' : 'Password entry',
   'create-account.php' : 'Signup page',
   'confirm-account.php' : 'Email Id confirmation',
   'drive' :
   {
      '.htaccess' : 'Rewriting URLs',
      'files.php' : 'The main page',
      'logout.php' : 'To process the logout'
   }
}

.htaccess file in drive folder:

1) Whenever a user succesfully creates an account, a new line correspoding to his user key will be added to .htaccess file.